---
layout: post
title: Current_Musings
parent: short
permalink: /short/Current-Musings
---

# . . .

## 06/03/22 02:02:19 

Some claim consciousness/qualia to not be a slice of reality or a view into the present world. I am oversimplifying statements here. I try not to involve myself in this topic, because i was contradicted by so many experimental observations and reality and it is almost always impossible to keep up with the science of consciousness. I found this reference where that says, if consciousness is created exclusively by feed forward network and its they are all interconnected. The ML community has already been catching up to this trend by exploiting parallelly learnt features, like training on both videos and pictures, but i am still yet to see their training loop if the videos are trained with their temporal information preserved(order) or treated differently. Some researchers even go to the extent and defy my understanding of modern pop culture by claiming that even simulating consciousness, the computer cannot be conscious since consciousness has to built into the structure of the system. one theory that i find particularly intriguing is the one that involves a primary network broadcasting global parameters to exctract information from senses giving rise to the thin slice of consciousness. this theory also has AI applications, like the metaverse new architechture. also contrary to this very popular theory that consciousness is an internal simulation of the external world, a resource claims that this could be false and that evolution has primed our internal world view to be as deviant from external one and primed to game natural selection. he dosnt claim the ground truth is put to rest and we all live in a imaginary world, he claims that the its like the bell curve, theres a good mix of both to minimise the modelling functions errors. his idea revolves arround "evolution hides complexity that we dont need". this random string of ideas resulted because of my query "how are theories obout reality and behaviours accurate if the point of view that observes them is limited dimensionally", and the short answer seems to be this "even thought point of views are lower dimensional representations, it preserves enough information about the world ( like we all have our own moon and apple ) and together with communication we are able to arrive at these theories", this is not to mention the math we use to validate them. this random walk makes me wonder if only good communication and information filtering system was articulated into people, we might talk rationally on daily basis. until then our ideas even though they seem to be correct from our point of view might end up as very wrong from reality. i am wondering if the knowledge of this idea is what is causing me to abstain from any sort of reaction to things? i dont know!
